Update microsoft-defender-antivirus-on-windows-server.md (#7390)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-on-windows-server.md

The `sc query` command returns information about the Microsoft Defender Antivirus service. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is running, the `STATE` value displays `RUNNING`.

> To view all the Non running services, run the following Powershell cmdlet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view all the services that are not running, run the following Powershell cmdlet:
```
